right so I think we can talk about mana
Steffensen who you haven't reviewed
weeks ago and it was a very good example
on social media to meet with her
expertise and even though getting there
I'm not her client and she takes
generation runs in the background work
as plug-ins everything related to the
runs what makes a site and run smoothly
she does so that's that's what should
the US and the way I noticed was number
one on her comments on my post they were
extremely dictate and she was very I
mean it was hard not to notice for
knowledge was anything and plant makes
it especially me know I my own log I
mean I didn't appreciate at the time was
a lot of work we're not meant all of our
own outsourced tasks like web design or
security or whatever it is that you
don't feel like you are and so she juice
he's an experienced and that may be
noticed another thing which is a roundup
not quite a lot of things happened in
areas you know update you all gates
whatever D
you run a better side she talks about
and she started mentioning are quick to
insist the industry Tuesdays and 12 my
name mentioned as they can't be wrong
Google+ or wherever there's always
always always that blog and make sure
that I read the article and share it
because it's mentioned somewhere so when
somebody makes the effort so between
comments and then we might actually just
lifted for me and I asked her to traffic
generation gap for me in the past year
and a half TV or something like that but
again all of that started it all social
media first of all in all of it starting
expert in what she does not dropping the
just being there and helping my floor
some social media when the head
WordPress related questions that I
either didn't have sufficient knowledge
to respond to my cell or just have time
to get to them in time and she did that
so those teeth made hers and meet and I
repeat client and you have to remember
that invest in building trust so be
prepared but once you do that there's no
timeframe how long will take you to but
once you put in the effort to establish
expertise around the web
not just on your side you see the
clients achieve you people will be
talking about you your invention ever
with a guy and then we'll be everywhere
and that what you
mom promotion and business elite and no
money so that's sort of what happened
it's a great story too because like you
mentioned it did take a couple years and
it's not like me and he gave up on it in
was so mercenary about this like oh I
said all these nice things about yet
still she's not she just and I don't
even think that that's the way that me
and I would have approached it anyway I
don't even know whether she would have
had in the back of her mind that she was
doing this because she was trying to
build a relationship with you that could
result in the fact that you would ask
her to run your website for you I think
she was probably engage with you because
she was truly interested in you in in so
there wasn't this kind of clock ticking
where she did I get the return on
investment here so it's still again
comes back to something that may enter
was building a relationship with you
because she had a genuine interest in
what you were doing she wasn't just
randomly going out to places to say let
me try to stroke this person's ego
stroke that person's you go let me see
if I just like make myself for them in
then see whether they'll do something in
exchange for me man is not on right now
so we can ask her directly how she
happened to find out about traffic
generation Kathy but I would imagine she
thought about it some organic fashion
and in the end you captured her
interests and she started engaging with
you we've got just under 20 minutes to
an hour so I wanna give you the
opportunity
people are watching us now if you want
to ask questions please make sure that
you post your questions in the stream so
that we can have the opportunity to
answer them before time runs out I will
talk with some more things here but it's
probably going to be another one or two
questions that I'll be able to ask her
many times so there's a question
you want to ask make sure that you into
the stream there I'm gonna go ahead and
ask one more question and I will open up
a seat if people want to be able to sit
down in question of her directly so now
I gotta gather my thoughts here to see
what the question was oh yes so is far
as his situation so she had mentioned to
us that this traffic generation cafe
came into existence because she did
develop an interest in how do you
generate traffic and she is generating
traffic on her site and you know she's
got the attention of people but we
haven't actually gotten to the
discussion here's ok she's got this
traffic generation Kathy she's built her
reputation her sights moved up in the
rankings
you know and then there's the big
question that comes down to is a but
doesn't make you any money right because
obviously we're all here we're in
business in yet we want to build
relationships and the like and trust
that all the stuff and we need to be
able to support ourselves and our our
bills here so how do you go about making
how do you know what you're doing with
with your blog so I have to start with
his absolutely horrible at making money
it's not my forte I don't like doing it
out like any activity is he
money-making strategist so great is
everything that I talk to you about just
I have talked about in 45 minutes it
just goes to show that building the
trust and building relationships works
now closed for making money off you
online online business
I don't actively anything the only thing
that has worked is affiliate marketing I
don't even though acted in several times
to create my own product much higher
gotta have time for something that
somebody else created and some of the
affiliate marketing commissions are
exceptional its 50% 75% you know people
put in the effort to make them and then
reap the benefits of marketing perfect
works well I only recommend products
that actually and I know that's a very
important and then I have trust in a
relationship
around myself that people that under
traffic generation cafe not no longer
traffic because most likely the hit me
either people and money here no word of
mouth works wonders
you know they're already won by the fact
that I mean no one knows what they're
lucky and I'm still must be there so the
things that you need to build your
presence outside outside and create that
experts around you
Indian dish you have your own product
sell services even if you ads on your
website
really does that come ready to know you
and then there are more likely to follow
the links and the don't feel like asking
like I asked her if she leaves because I
trusted
so much if I asked him because she never
mentioned but she didn't mention the
services and she has something so I
asked her so people will be asking you
what it is at least you take my money
because you are the expert here clearly
any just services so that's a wonderful
thing about running business that way
you know just building it up
ask you for anything in return and then
people will be offering you money cheap
buy whatever it is that you have to sell
again you know going back to traffic
generation Kathy affiliate marketing is
my forte that's how I make money I you
know I could make more money for effort
into it I don't want you but until you
know a couple years ago my husband
happened and my job was being until he
found a new one you know so that's
nothing I feel it thinks they're just so
you know just again I can't stress
enough the expert and expertise so much
but that's what it comes down to a huge
sneak you tell people that know what
youre talking about and they work and
there will be money you get that their
side